<style scoped> img { max-width: 100%; } </style>

Now that 2015 is in full swing, here's a look back at what happened in
the Netherlands in 2014; and a peek forward at what's to come in 2015.

[![fellows]][fellows]

[fellows]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/files/2014/11/t-dose-fellows.jpg

## Changes in 2014

### Regular Meetings

With several fellows living in or around Nijmegen, we now have
[regular meetings][lugn] at [Linux
Nijmegen](http://www.linuxnijmegen.nl).

[lugn]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/2014/02/23/fsfe-mini-meeting-key-signing-party-every-2nd-tuesday-of-the-month-linux-nijmegen/

### Dutch Team

We now have a Dutch Team!  Consisting of
[André](https://blogs.fsfe.org/ao), Jeroen,
[Kevin](https://blogs.fsfe.org/the_unconventional),
[Maurice](https://fsfe.org/about/team),
[Nico](http://nicorikken.eu/blog), Roel, Willem, and myself.  Contact
us at netherlands@fsfeurope.org.

### Dutch Translations

André & Nico are doing a wonderful job translating & proofreading.
Thank you!

### Privacy Café

I became a regular volunteer at [Bits of Freedom](https://bof.nl)'s
[Privacy Café](https://privacycafe.nl) (where I also try to tell
visitors about the importance of Free Software and hand out FSFE
leaflets).

---

## Events in 2014

### CryptoParty

We started the year with a [CryptoParty](https://cryptoparty.in) at
[Linux Nijmegen](http://www.linuxnijmegen.nl) on 14 January.

### Düsseldorf

Maurice and I [visited][dussel] our neighbouring fellowship group in
[Düsseldorf](https://wiki.fsfe.org/groups/Duesseldorf) several times
in 2014.

[dussel]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/2014/01/30/visit-to-dusseldorf/

### FOSDEM

We had a [Benelux](https://wiki.fsfe.org/groups/BNL) Fellowshipmeeting
at [FOSDEM 2014](https://archive.fosdem.org/2014).

### EPFSUG

I attended [EPFSUG](http://epfsug.eu)'s ["Trust your friends"][epfsug]
event at the European Parliament, which featured the official launch
of [DebianParl](https://wiki.debian.org/DebianParl).

[epfsug]: http://epfsug.eu/content/trust-your-friends

### Free Software Pact

We asked Dutch candidates in the European elections to sign the [Free
Software Pact](https://fsfe.org/news/2014/news-20140528-01.html);
several did and some of them were elected!

### The Importance of Free Software

I wrote about [The Importance of Free Software][imp].

[imp]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/2014/05/07/the-importance-of-free-software/

### Privacy Café Utrecht

I held a lightling talk about the importance of Free Software at a
[Privacy Café in Utrecht][pcu].

[pcu]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/2014/05/18/privacy-cafe-in-utrecht/

### Fellowshipmeeting in Utrecht

We had a [Dutch Fellowshipmeeting in Utrecht][nllgg] on 24 May at the
[Dutch Linux Users Group (NLLGG)](http://www.nllgg.nl)'s bimonthly
meeting.

[nllgg]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/2014/05/08/fellowshipmeeting-zaterdag-24-mei-2014-in-utrecht/

### Germanophone Team Meeting

Maurice and I attended FSFE's Germanophone Team Meeting 2014.  I led a
[workshop on Privacy and Free Software][workshop].

[workshop]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/2014/07/01/workshop-on-privacy-and-free-software/

### T-DOSE

Maurice, Kevin and I spoke at [T-DOSE][tdose].  A lot of Dutch fellows
were there, and of course we brought the FSFE booth.

[tdose]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/2014/11/11/t-dose-2/

### OpenRheinRuhr

André, Maurice, Willem and I visited our neighbours at
[OpenRheinRuhr](http://openrheinruhr.de).  I even sold a few T-shirts
at the FSFE booth.

### Fundraising

We've started contacting Dutch companies and organisations to raise
funds for FSFE's work in 2015.

### 31C3

Maurice and I attended the 31st Chaos Communication Congress and also
visited [FSFE's assembly][31c3].

[31c3]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/eal/2015/01/21/fsfes-assembly-at-chaos-communication-congress-31c3/

---

## 2015

### Privacy Café Nijmegen

I organised the first [Privacy Café in Nijmegen][pcnijm].

[pcnijm]: https://blogs.fsfe.org/flx/2015/01/25/privacy-cafe-nijmegen-2/

### Fellowship Election

Nicolas Dietrich, Max Mehl and I are candidates in the [Fellowship
Election 2015](https://wiki.fsfe.org/FellowshipElection_2015).

### FOSDEM

See you at [FOSDEM 2015](https://fosdem.org/2015/)!  I'll probably
spend a fair amount of time behind or near the FSFE booth.  There will
also be another Benelux Fellowshipmeeting.

### ... and more

We're ambitious to do even more in 2015 (now that we have a bigger
Dutch Team) and we're still looking for ideas (and we can use your
help).

If you have ideas or suggestions for our work in 2015, want to ask a
question, or if you just want to say hi, feel free to contact us at
netherlands@fsfeurope.org or via the (public) [Benelux mailing
list][bnl] (which also features discussions and announcements).

[bnl]: https://mail.fsfeurope.org/mailman/listinfo/fsfe-bnl

---

That's it for now.  I'm excited to do even more in 2015.  Thanks
everyone!

\- Felix
